---
section: "features"
title: "Developer"
sectionNav: true
---

GOV.UK PaaS gives you a straightforward way to run your cloud native
applications in containers. The platform supports most common
programming languages and Docker containers.

Languages
---------

GOV.UK PaaS provides a consistent experience for different programming
languages through the use of language
[buildpacks](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/).

Buildpack

Description

Binary

a [binary](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/binary/index.html)
web application

Custom

[a custom
buildpack](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/custom.html)
providing a language runtime from the wider Cloud Foundry community

Go

apps written in the [Go programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/go/index.html)

Java

apps written in the [Java programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/java/index.html) or
Java Virtual Machine languages such as Scala

Nginx

[a web
server](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/nginx/index.html)

Nodejs

apps written in the [Nodejs programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/node/index.html)

PHP

apps written in the [PHP programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/php/index.html)

Ruby

apps written in the [Ruby programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/ruby/index.html)

Python

apps written in the [Python programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/python/index.html)

R

apps written in the [R programming
language](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/r/index.html)

Static

a [static HTML/CSS/Javascript
website](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/staticfile/index.html)
served by nginx. The product of site publishing tools such as
[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), [Middleman](https://middlemanapp.com/)
or [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/)

Docker
------

GOV.UK PaaS also [supports the deployment of Docker
images](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/deploying_apps.html#deploy-a-docker-image)
with the following caveats:

-   We do not offer a Docker registry service
-   Images must be pushed to a Docker registry such as
    [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/) or [Google Container
    Registry](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry) before they
    can be deployed to GOV.UK PaaS. Your ability to stage and restage
    Docker applications is tied to the availability of the registry
    hosting the images.
-   GOV.UK PaaS does not support Docker Compose multi-container
    applications
-   The maximum size of Docker image that may be staged is 4GB

Backing services
----------------

GOV.UK PaaS provides a number of highly available backing services.
Please visit [our
marketplace](https://admin.london.cloud.service.gov.uk/marketplace) to
view more information about these services.

Service

Description

CDN-route

Proxy traffic from a user controlled domain to an existing Cloud Foundry
application or external URL. This allows you to bring your own domain to
the platform and have the platform manage your TLS certificates using
[AWS Cloudfront](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/) + Letsencrypt

Elasticsearch

[A search engine](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch) with a
full-text search engine, an HTTP web interface and schema-free JSON
documents.

MySQL

[A relational database](https://www.mysql.com/) system

Object Store

Object storage using [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)

PostgreSQL

[A relational database](https://www.postgresql.org/) system

Redis

[A distributed, in-memory key-value database](https://redis.io/)

External services
-----------------

In addition to the service we provide, applications can connect to other
internet hosted back-ends allowing you to integrate third party services
and other platforms through public web APIs.

Public and private networking
-----------------------------

Applications on GOV.UK PaaS typically have a route to allow [inbound
connections via the
internet](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/deploying_apps.html#deploying-public-apps).

The platform also supports [private
applications](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/deploying_apps.html#deploying-private-apps)
(i.e. applications without a public internet route).

